---
title: "Unsupervised Analysis Project"
date: 2021-01-31
tags: [machine learning, unsupervised analysis, data science]
header:
  image: "/images/SF-golden-gate.jpeg"
excerpt: "machine learning, unsupervised analysis, data science"
mathjax: "true"
---

## Overview
Apple and Windows is a time-sized rivalry. It has always been a growing dilemma for a customer 
to make choices with each getting their own share of loyalists and critic, advantages and contrast. 
This question applies to producers who realize what makes that person purchase their goods and even 
more so who exactly purchases their goods. With demographic segmentation as a past, we plan to gather 
a detailed grasp of the purchasing behavior of customers who choose one over the other in the 
following studies. The three key drivers of purchasing are personal (demographic), psychological 
(psychographic or psychometric) and social (external stimuli).The research focuses on more intrinsic 
variables such as demographics and customer psychography. The collection of data is primary from 
an online survey. Considering that this is a consumer survey with limitations including lack of 
interest, misperception and dishonest responses at the end of a long survey. Psychology helping 
us understand the motives, actions, emotions and cognition of an individual. We can look at 
demographics gathered while reviewing the data collection. The psychographics of consumers are 
effectively known. The survey used Big 5 as well as Hult DNA, to determine the behavior.

###Big 5
The Big 5 Personality, also called OCEAN, allows us to understand the degree to which customers use:
1. Openness
2. Conscientousness
3. Extraversion
4. Agreeableness
5. Neuroticism
This will help us understand the behaviour of the student.

###Hult DNA
For a student to be employable in graduation, nine years of study at the Hult facilities have 
resulted in a must-do approach. Within its students Hult frequently absorbs them.The Hult DNA 
consists of 3 broad categories and 3 subcategories within each category, namely:

1. Thinking

Shows self-awareness
Embraces change
Demonstrates dynamic thinking

2.Communicating

Speaks and listens confidentally
Influences confidentally
Presents ideas effectively

3.Team Building

Fosters collaborative relationships
Influences productivity
Resolves conflict constructively
This helps us to understand the student's psychometrics.

##Dataset Analysis
There are 137 students in the survey dataset, 78 questions based on psychological and 7 questions 
on demographic. 50 questions related to Big5 and 18 questions related to Hult-DNA. 69 students 
have Macbook and 68 students have Windows. 77 students want Macbook and 68 students want Windows 
next year and 4 students to Chromebook. Total of 23 students want to change their laptop from 
which 17 students moving from windows to macbook and only 6 students from macbook to windows. 
Out of 78 male students, 15 of them are changing their laptop and 8 female students out of 59 
want to change their laptop.

